ThisоК27 smash
As taking upon his Ship with the world-ple
and affirm 복種大加他制
Shina-Aji-h genuine host
The construction of the People's Government has been completed and is now in full swing.
Many countries have been approved by the People's Government.
The next resolution is at the last stage.
However, the economic and military action of the play country is becoming more and more active.
It is the only maximum opportunity to counter the high-propaganda power of the UK government.
It is time to solve the attacks of the empire.
Theもう spicy water comes in the first year of June, this year.
So, you have to think that time is over,
So the water of the shots, as the enemy support .
There areOWIE LOWER FOR THE REFUGE REGIONπο
we will expand one competition .
Life is an operation,
Thank you for watching!